[Music]
waking up rushing to the bathroom
grabbing a snack on my way out and
hurrying to work because I was already
late
that was my typical morning for as long
as I can remember but one day I decided
to adopt the millionaire morning routine
and it truly changed my life
want to know all the details then let's
go back to the start you know how they
say that the morning is the most
important part of the day
well my mornings were always acting I
had trouble organizing myself so instead
of getting the most out of these early
hours I was running to work half asleep
needless to say my chaotic morning
messed up the rest of my day and I went
home exhausted and angry at myself one
day my messy morning routine ruined my
work presentation and I decided enough
was enough after all there has to be a
better way to do this right after
spending some time on the internet I
found exactly what I was looking for the
millionaire morning routine apparently
millionaires owe a huge part of their
success to their morning routine and if
you follow all of its steps to you'll be
able to start your day feeling relaxed
rested and inspired here's what I had to
do every morning during my little
experiment first and foremost I had to
wake up earlier or there was no way I'd
complete the whole routine before going
to work Tim Cook Richard Branson and
tons of other successful people or early
birds right so from that moment on my
alarm was set for 5:30 in the morning
next up was meditation doing this
practice in the morning allows you to
connect with yourself and kick start
your day with positive energy after that
it's good to do an easy 2 to 3 minute
workout nothing out of the ordinary just
a couple of crunches or push-ups to get
you our body going after a night's rest
then it was time for the typical morning
routine we all do showering washing your
face brushing your teeth and in my case
shaving
when that part was complete I had to go
straight to the kitchen make myself a
tasty cup of coffee and write down my
to-do list where the day including my
personal goals and work tasks and on
that note it was time to go to work now
that my morning routine was structured
and my journal for notes was bought it
was finally time to start living like a
millionaire to tell you the truth the
first couple of days of my experiment
were a total nightmare I'm a night owl
so it was almost impossible for me to
wake up exactly as I'd planned as a
result the first few morning's of my
experiment were pretty much the same I
woke up ran to the bathroom and rushed
out of the house
grabbing coffee on the way and hoping
I'd get to work on time however I
finally pulled myself together on day
four figured out my sleeping schedule
and started to wake up exactly as I'd
intended to practicing meditation also
didn't go as smoothly at the beginning
I've never meditated before so all my
attempts to do it right after I woke up
made me so relaxed that I went straight
back to sleep after trying numerous apps
and techniques I found that simple
breathing works best for me sometimes I
used this time to visualize my dreams
and the person I wanted to be and it
worked every day I reached a new level
of inner harmony and understanding of
what my perfect life should be this made
it way easier to figure out the steps I
need to take to make this vision a
reality
having a quick workout wasn't a problem
for me
moreover it really helped me get in
touch with my body and shake off some of
the tiredness before showering by the
way another thing I've tried is having a
cold shower even the thought of it seems
horrifying I know but in reality it
helps to increase your heart rate which
pushes blood through your entire body
this process not only wakes up your body
completely but also clears your mind I
highly recommend it
the next step was my favorite part of my
new morning routine making to-do lists
for the day turned out to be
exceptionally fulfilling and motivating
by day 10 I'd begun to make two lists
one for my personal goals and another
for work tasks and responsibilities
moreover after surfing the internet a
bit more I included two more lists in my
morning routine a to feel list and a to
be list this experience made me grow as
a person and become a better version of
myself every single day this change
alone is worth all the trouble right if
you think that every weekend I had two
days off you are mistaken
I wasn't going to fall back into my old
ways apart from repeating my brand new
exciting routines I use these days to do
some brain training with the help of
special apps catch up on my reading and
brainstorm for new projects and ideas
about halfway through my experiment I
got into time management which turned
out to be another amazing discovery for
me so my morning routines slightly
changed again instead of making to-do
lists I was organizing my day using time
management methods this made my life
even easier and inspired me to reach a
new level in my career when I found ways
to upgrade my career I turned to my
personal life and added one more habit
to my routine writing morning pages this
is basically when you write at least one
page of all your thoughts no matter how
weird they are first thing in the
morning I did it before meditation and
reread them every evening this endless
stream of consciousness opened my eyes
to numerous personal problems I never
realized I had ten days of this practice
was enough for me to figure out how I
can improve my mental health and achieve
the inner balance and confidence I've
always dreamed of just like my work
tasks I incorporated all these little
steps into my daily time management
schedule and started to work in this
direction too it's not easy and I'm
still far from my ultimate goal but I'm
moving toward it that's already a great
start right and just like that one month
of my experiment came to an end to be
honest it was one of the greatest
periods of my life and it opened my eyes
to numerous possibilities and solutions
I haven't
noticed before of course I didn't stop
doing this morning routine I still enjoy
my early minutes of meditation morning
pages cold shower and time management
however I also created some of my own
rules along the way that may help you if
you want to follow in my footsteps keep
a gratitude journal as you probably
already understand during this
experiment I became a real journal freak
I don't regret it one bit since writing
down my thoughts really helps me
structure my life and the same thing
goes for gratitude make it a habit to
write down all the things you are
grateful for every evening then whenever
you're in a bad mood just open this
journal it will certainly put a smile on
your face stay hydrated toward the end
of my experiment I read that having a
glass of water before breakfast helps to
wake up your digestive system and set it
up nicely for the day as I started to do
this I instantly noticed the difference
this little trick makes you feel like
and helps you avoid overeating in the
morning your body will certainly
appreciate it make yourself a smoothie
not that long ago I replace coffee with
a natural smoothie as my morning drink
and it definitely had a positive effect
on my body
natural smoothies are full of the
nutrients and vitamins that your body
needs as it wakes up so it's better to
leave a cup of coffee or tea for later
in the day and there you go these are my
morning routine rules but it's up to you
to make yours just make sure that your
morning hours make you a better person
every single day go for it you got this
do you know any other effective habits
that I can incorporate into my morning
routine tell me in the comment section
below don't forget to give this video a
like share it with your friends and
click Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]